# Intelligent-Analysis-and-Display-System-of-Big-Data-for-Talent-Market
 
As the employment and recruitment data in the human resource market are too complicated, the information of job intention and recruitment demand is not transparent, and the feedback of market information is not timely, it leads to the high cost for individuals, enterprises and universities to obtain information. In order to solve these problems in the human resource market, we have developed a large screen interactive system based on big data analysis and data visualization technology for the employment and recruitment market. This is a big data comprehensive project integrating dynamic display, intelligent analysis, scientific prediction, personalized recommendation, mobile terminal control and data background management. The system can provide clear information display and comprehensive data reference services for job seekers, enterprises and universities.

The system consists of 6 functional modules, including dynamic display module, intelligent analysis module, scientific prediction module, comprehensive recommendation module, mobile terminal control module and data background management module.
The dynamic display module classifies the acquired data according to different characteristics and displays dynamic real-time data in different charts.
The intelligent analysis module will carry out static analysis of the obtained data in the Hadoop big data ecosystem and display the analysis results in different charts.
The scientific prediction module calculates the historical data in the system database through Hadoop big data ecology and displays the prediction results through different charts.
The personalized recommendation module obtains the recommendation scheme by modeling and analyzing the historical data according to the actual situation of the applicant.
The mobile control module can remotely control the large data screen through smart phones and tablet computers.
The data background management module can manage data and cluster, and can quickly switch data sources and configure related charts.

The system can provide real-time talent market data display, analysis and prediction functions for individuals, enterprises and university users. In addition, for individual users, we provide personalized career recommendation function; For enterprise and university users, we provide the functions of large screen display, mobile terminal control and data background management. Through these convenient functions, enterprises and universities can timely obtain the relevant data of the talent market and make the corresponding recruitment and talent training strategy adjustment. At the same time, the system can also quickly switch data sources and configure related charts through the data background management system to achieve more fields of application.

The user demand comes from a big data and large screen interactive system built in a command center of a unit. For example, the command center has an integrated (16:3) LED screen with a width of 16 meters and a height of 3 meters. There is a cabinet on site that integrates video, audio, network switching and central control server, which can connect to an established big data service center. The data of the command center is provided by the big data service center and the audio and video connected to the scene. The screen control needs to be set and controlled by the tablet computer (mobile terminal) device on the console of the command center.
